IP Security and Login

Currently we have a security solution where access to view wallboards can be protected by IP address (allowing traffic only from specified IP addresses/ranges) and an additional login and password.

I want to make some changes to how that works to allow for multiple security use-cases.

Before we make any changes, it's important to understand the user and data-flow architecture.

There are three levels of Wallboards.

1) The Global Wallboard
This is the top level view of all companies in the portfolio, showing all calls for all companies. These display as lines on the globe/map (see attached "global-wallboard.png").
It lets you filter down to see calls for just a specific company.    
If you access this wallboard as a logged in admin, it also has the 'settings' icon allowing admins to administer/setup the wallboard system.
This wallboard view is used by:
Administrators to administer the system (set up new companies, settings, sub-wallboards, etc.)
Global NOC or operations teams to see a high-level view across all companies in the group. Typically they put this on a large TV on the wall
2) Company wallboard
These wallboards provide a view across all calls, teams, and sub-wallboards for a single company. (see attached "company-wallboard.png")
As a user of this board you can:
- See the entire company view of live calls on a globe- Switch to TEAMS view and see all Teams, and their summary status, wait times, calls oin flight, and availability.- Drill into a single team and see the team metrics, users on the team and their current status (online, offline, on a call, etc.), for the users in that one team
- Drill down to a sub-wallboard confgured for that companyThese wallboards are used by Company executives, typically VPs accountable for operations across several groups within the company

3) Sub-Wallboard
These wallboards provide team managers a view of one or more teams they are responsible for (see: "sub-wallboard-teams-view.png" and "sub-wallboard-team-view.png")
As a user of this board you can:
- see all the Teams you are responsible for and their summary status - wait times, calls in flight, and availability.- Drill into a single team and see the team metrics.  Users on the team and their current status (online, offline, on a call, etc.), for the users in that one team
What we want from a security perspective.

If a user visits any wallboard:
If the wallboard has no IP Allowlist addresses setup, I see the login page and I must login in order to see anything
If the wallboard has one or more IP Allowlist addresses set up and I am visiting that wallboard from an IP that is not in that list, I see the login page and I must login in order to see anythingIf the wallboard has one or more IP Allowlist addresses set up and I am visiting that wallboard from one of those allowed addresses, I do not need to log in, do not see the login page, and can use and see the Wallboard
If I am a user on the Global Wallboard, I can see the settings icon whether I am logged in or not. If I click on that setting icon:If I am not looged in, it shows me the login pageIf I login but my user rights are not set to Administrator, I am shown an error stating that this page is only for AdministratorsIf I login and am an administrator, I can see and use the settings page as normal
If I am already logged in when I click on the settings icon I am not sent to the login page )as I am already logged in), rather:If my role is an administrator, I can see and use the setting pageIf my role is not an administrator, I get an error message stating that this page is only for Administrators
